[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a fierce battle
at the bottom of the sea,
the Straw Hat Pirates
depart for the deadly waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
[LUFFY gasps]
[screams] I broke him! Sorry!
"Sorry" is all you have to say?!
He's dead now!
[NARRATOR]
On the island of Punk Hazard,
they meet a pair of legs.
[LUFFY laughs]
I'm a centaur!
This is awesome! [laughs]
[NARRATOR]
Meanwhile, the rest of the crew
faced problems of their own.
[KIN'EMON] What you see on the
floor are pieces of my face.
I beg of you, please put
them back together for me.
I believe my chin and hair
may still be somewhat awry.
But, it's good enough.
I'm grateful.
[ALL]
It's a severed head!
Yes, clearly!
[HYOUTAUROS]
I'm your worst enemy, intruder!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[HYOUTAUROS chuckles, gasps]
[BOTH]
Those legs!
Where did you... get them?
Wow! They're awesome! [laughs]
[MONET]
Well? Did you find them?
Yeah. They're right here.
I've got all four
of 'em in my sights.
I'll take them out. Don't worry.
I see.
You have fun with that.
Give me a ring when
you're done, all right?
[BAD GUY 581A]
Roger.
[MONET chuckles]
[LUFFY] "Startling!
The Secret of the Island
is Finally Revealed!"
So this guy cut you.
You're still alive even
without a body? That's crazy!
It's like Buggy. Creepy.
[KIN'EMON]
Under different circumstances,
I'd slit my belly and
die unmourned, but alas.
There's something
that I must do!
Even if I'm forced to
live in disgrace!
[SANJI]
Hm?
Hold on. Old man?
Can you tell us
anything about this place?
"Old man," you say!
You need to show
some respect, you woman!
I'm a proud warrior, you know!
Where I'm from, women are
chaste, and they are modest!
They walk three steps
behind the men!
[NAMI]
Huh?
[KIN'EMON gasps]
Too bad. I don't care.
You're just a head. Be grateful.
We easily could have kept you
in pieces on the floor.
Unhand me, you damn harlot!
[NAMI] Wow, you really
don't get it, do you?
[KIN'EMON]
I said unhand me! Curse you!
Is this proper
where you come from?
I've never suffered
such rudeness!
However.
It seems your clothes
were torn from your body,
so perhaps I should
be more sympathetic.
[sighs] I chose this outfit
myself, thank you very much.
[KIN'EMON]
What?
[NAMI]
Sorry, but I look good!
[KIN'EMON]
Your attire is obscene!
All you're wearing
is a breast-band!
You like it, don't you?
[KIN'EMON]
Yes indeed I do!
I know that look!
[KIN'EMON groaning]
[SANJI]
You pervert.
[gasps]
That was a trap!
[CHOPPER] You must have
cracked your skull!
That looks painful!
Yes! No!
I mean, uh, it's fine!
It barely tickles!
[CHOPPER, FRANKY]
No one's that tough!
[sighs]
I see.
So a breast-band is
appropriate in your land.
I approve.
I don't care what you think!
Please, just answer
me one thing.
Who are you people?
I heard our captors say that
you were seized from a ship.
Yeah, that's right.
We're pirates.
[KIN'EMON gasps]
You're pirates?
If only I had known sooner!
[SANJI]
Hm?
I loathe pirates!
Though I should have guessed.
That does explain
your barbarism!
[gasps]
In this frozen hell,
I thought we were
all victims of fate,
so I had hoped that we
could escape together.
Alas, it shan't be so.
[FRANKY]
Huh? Wait, you lost me here.
What do you mean "frozen"?
This place is so hot,
even the sea is on fire.
[CHOPPER] Yeah, there was
lava and everything!
We were sweating
just on the boat!
Aha. I see.
Old man.
[KIN'EMON groans]
[NAMI]
Did you see the volcano here?
Or feel an eruption?
Something like that?
I did hear a loud explosion,
but both the island and the sea
surrounding it were frozen.
And that is the last thing
that I shall say to you.
Cursed pirates!
[NAMI]
The sky.
I thought it looked strange.
I could tell,
even from the boat.
The flaming side that
Luffy and the others
went to is only
half of the island.
The people that grabbed us
took us to the other side--
which is frozen solid.
[NAMI]
We need to get out of this room.
I don't care how.
Then we'll find out
what's going on here.
[SANJI]
I get what you're saying,
but I kicked it pretty hard
and that door isn't budging.
[FRANKY]
Step aside!
[SANJI, NAMI]
Huh?
My cola is maxed out!
[BOTH gasp]
Whoa, whoa, that's a big one!
[BOTH scream]
[FRANKY]
Franky Radical Beam!
[KIN'EMON gasps]
[CHOPPER gasps]
[FRANKY chuckles]
[FRANKY]
Let's move, brother.
Damn, Franky.
Shoulda led with that one.
[CHOPPER] Sometimes I wish
I was a cyborg, too!
[NAMI chuckles] I'm happy with
one Franky. We don't need two.
[SANJI]
So, what are you gonna do?
[SANJI] Last chance. You'd
rather sit there on the floor
than associate with pirates?
Silence! Leave me be!
[SANJI] So, what, are you
gonna roll out of here
and bite your way to freedom?
Let me go!
Well, samurai? Tell me!
[CHOPPER]
What? Samurai? For real?!
[SANJI] This topknot is
a traditional hairstyle
in the Land of Wano.
[CHOPPER] So, he's the one
who killed those guys?
Does that mean he might kill us?
Or bite us?
No!
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 582A]
What was that explosion?
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 582B]
I have no idea!
Do you think it
was those pirates?
[FRANKY]
Guess my beam was too radical.
Hey. They're
coming. Let's hurry!
[KIN'EMON growls]
We came here because
we received a distress call
from one of your victims.
You got a story you
wanna tell us? Or not?
[KIN'EMON growls]
[CHOPPER] Sanji! C'mon!
Leave him here! He's our enemy!
I swear.
I would not disgrace myself
by killing in cold blood.
[SANJI]
Hm?
I'm here to save my son's life!
And I would cut down anyone
who stands in my way!
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 582A]
There!
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 582B]
Don't let them get away!
[ALL gasp]
[BOTH scream]
[FRANKY] Those're my friends.
Cut it out, will ya?
Weapons Left!
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATES
scream]
groan]
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 582A]
You're kidding me!
How did they
get out of that room?
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 582B]
I dunno, but we'd better
call the master.
What the hell
do they want from us?
Dunno.
Wait a sec!
You brought the head? Why?
It'll work out. Leave him to me.
There's a door!
[CHILDREN laughing]
What?
[ALL gasp]
[gasps]
[CHILDREN gasp]
Who're you?
[CHOPPER]
What?!
Hello there, kids.
[KIN'EMON]
What? There's children?
They're so big!
[FRANKY] I guess they're giants.
But are we in prison or daycare?
Wow, so all your buddies
have awesome animal legs
just like these, huh?
I can't wait to see!
Yeah! They'll get a big
kick out of you, too!
They're gonna love
your talking ones!
Ha, ha! Follow me!
[LUFFY] Wait. How 'bout first
we race to that burning tower
to see whose legs are the best?
Ready? Go!
[BOTH laughing]
Come on. This is boring.
[USOPP] Huh? What d'you
mean everyone's gone?
Then where did they go?
And wait a sec. You said
there's ice and snow?
[BROOK laughs]
Indeed there is!
See, when I awoke to find
the ship in that condition,
it was quite a shock-chilling
bone, you might say!
Wait. I mean a
chill-boning shocker?
No, it's chock
shocking something.
Never mind!
[BROOK laughs, coughs]
Oh, sorry!
Okay, wait.
You said there were these guys
on the Sunny when you woke up.
Who were they?
I forgot to ask.
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 581A]
Sh-Shoot it! Shoot it!
Huh? Wait! No shooting!
Let's not be hasty!
[gunshots]
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 581B]
He's gone!
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 581A]
Wait, is he a ghost?
Goodness, if you have
something to say,
then you should say
it over tea, not guns.
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATE 581A
gasps] There he is!
[BROOK] But it's too late.
I've cut you down.
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATES]
Huh?
[BROOK]
Arrow Notch Slash.
You're done!
[CAESAR CLOWN SUBORDINATES
groan]
[BROOK] Probably should've
questioned them first!
Oh well! Pity!
[BROOK]
So, there you have it.
Terribly sorry.
I don't know a thing.
They're all wearing gas masks
and have tanks on
their backs, though.
A gas mask? Huh.
They likely used some
sort of chemical weapon
to knock everyone out.
Then, in the meantime,
they moved the Sunny
over to the other
side of the island.
[LUFFY]
Damn! You beat me!
You're too fast!
[laughs] Well, your legs aren't
built for running like mine.
[LUFFY]
Okay! Round two! C'mon!
Ha, suit yourself, but--
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL 582A rings]
Cu-lick.
Hello?
[BAD GUY 581A]
What the hell are you doing?
Sorry. I can't find them.
You sure the intruders
are nearby? I got nothing.
There's a guy, though.
He's got talking legs,
but he's one of us.
[BAD GUY 581A]
No, he's not, you moron!
[HYOUTAUROS gasps]
Something wrong?
I'm ready to do this!
What?
[BROOK]
But the others. I do worry.
If they didn't leave a note,
there's only one answer.
They were taken by
those men in masks.
[USOPP] Right! And they
didn't take you because
you looked dead,
until you woke up.
[BROOK]
Instead of feeling unwanted,
I suppose I should
feel grateful.
[ROBIN] They might
send help. Let's be quick.
Look around. See anything?
Like a building, or--?
[BROOK] You scarcely
need me at all, Robin,
it's like you can
see it yourself!
Indeed. There is.
And it's massive.
It's not a restaurant.
I know that much.
[ROBIN]
Keep a low profile.
We'll get there
as soon as possible.
[BROOK]
Roger!
Oh, Robin?
While I've got you on.
What kind of panties are--
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL 582B]
Cu-lick.
You think these guys
work for the Government?
[USOPP] Who knows.
But they're human.
So I guess that's better than
what we've been getting here.
[USOPP]
A fire-breathing dragon.
A pair of talking legs.
Some bird woman.
Plus, that centaur guy
Luffy made friends with.
Speaking of. Huh?
[HYOUTAUROS]
Try to trick me, will you?
[LUFFY]
What? No! Stop!
[HYOUTAUROS grunts]
[HYOUTAUROS]
I thought you were one of us.
We were friends a second ago!
You're the one who
started swinging that club!
Don't blame me!
[BAD GUY 581A groans]
You're finished, sucker!
Luffy! Careful!
All right, then, let me.
Cien Fleurs!
[ROBIN]
Bellflower!
[LUFFY]
Hm?
Oh, hey. 'Sup?
Giraffes? What's next?
[USOPP gasps]
I guess there's all kinds
of centaurs out there, huh?
That's funny.
[USOPP]
It is not funny!
These guys are monsters and
they're trying to kill you!
[ROBIN]
What happened with your friend?
I dunno. He got a
transponder snail call.
Then he decided
he didn't like me.
[gasps]
Look. He's got one, too,
and it says "CC" on it.
They're not just
free-roaming magical creatures.
They're part of
some organization.
"CC"?
Well, that's lame.
What's worse, even if
we tried to get out of here,
the Sunny is gone.
All we can do now is to go
the frozen side of the island
and find Brook.
Chopper. Nami. Sanji. Franky.
We've lost them all!
It is troubling.
They were all taken
by those men in masks.
If they're passed out,
the enemy could kill them
any time they like.
Don't say that!
[ZORO]
What a mess.
We did this all wrong.
Everything's happening
on the frozen side.
We did fine!
I got to eat that big dragon!
And I met Doctor
Legingston, too!
Did you say "Legingston"?
That's what I named
my new back legs!
[KIN'EMON] Poot! I have no idea
what's going on right now.
There seems to
have been a fight.
So what's next, legs?
We were going to the
other side anyway,
so nothing really changed,
if you ask me.
Rescue, then snowcones.
[USOPP] Forget the snowcones,
it's a rescue mission!
And since I can't run away,
guess I'm gonna fight!
Well. I hope they sell
warm coats over there.
[USOPP shivers] More likely
we'll just all freeze to death.
It was nice knowing you.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Remarkable!
They were able to penetrate
my impenetrable door!
[SUBORDINATES gasp]
[SUBORDINATE 582A]
Master!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
This burn mark.
It looks like it was
caused by a laser.
I thought that
Dr. Vegapunk's Pacifistas
were the only things
with that power.
At any rate, whoever
these intruders are,
they're not to be trifled with!
That being said,
I assume you haven't
recaptured them yet.
[SUBORDINATE 582A]
Last I heard, they were
corralling them into
the Biscuit Room.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Hmm. I suppose that could work.
[SUBORDINATE 582D]
Master, are you there?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Huh? Yes. Go ahead.
[SUBORDINATE 582D]
A Navy ship is approaching
the northwest shore.
It looks like they're with G-5.
What should we do?
[CAESAR CLOWN groans] Turn
them away, and do it quickly!
Throw out some poison gas.
They'll get the idea.
But be certain not to kill them.
We wouldn't want to
start any trouble.
[SUBORDINATE 582D]
Yes, sir!
[TASHIGI] The men are
in danger, Vice Admiral!
[RANDOM MARINE 582A]
I--I can't breathe!
[RANDOM MARINE 582B]
This gas is everywhere!
Be careful! Don't inhale
a single breath!
Put on gas masks!
This got messy already.
What a dangerous place.
In case you hadn't heard,
Doctor Vegapunk used to test his
chemical weapons on this island.
Then they shut the operation
down four years ago.
If Straw Hat's here,
I sure as heck don't
see his pirate ship.
Besides, the island's been
a hellhole since the accident.
No one can survive out there!
[SMOKER]
I don't buy it.
It's been too long and
there's too much gas.
I don't understand, sir.
[SMOKER] Two years ago,
there was no sea of fire,
or sea of ice.
It was just a deserted island.
The toxic substances
from the accident
were already
cleared out as well.
They had to be.
Otherwise, Aokiji and Akainu
wouldn't have held
their duel here.
This island is the
mark of their battle.
[SMOKER] A struggle so great
that the earth, the sky,
and the sea itself
were transformed.
[NARRATOR]
The children are surprised
at the sight of
Sanji and his team.
With the master's men
approaching fast,
and very little time to waste,
the tiny captives
share an upsetting truth
about their plight.
Nami is determined to
answer the children's pleas,
and the team rushes into action.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Save the Children!
The Straw Hats Start to Fight!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!